EIP-4361: fix mandatory fields (domain & chainId) (#4655)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-4361.md

## Specification
Sign-In with Ethereum works as follows:

> 1. The wallet presents the user with a structured plaintext message or equivalent interface for signing with the [EIP-191](./eip-191.md) signature scheme (string prefixed with `\x19Ethereum Signed Message:\n<length of message>`). The `message` MUST incorporate an Ethereum `address`, a `domain` of the website, `version` of the message, a chain identifier `chainId`, `uri` for scoping, `nonce` acceptable to the server, and `issued-at` timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The wallet presents the user with a structured plaintext message or equivalent interface for signing with the [EIP-191](./eip-191.md) signature scheme (string prefixed with `\x19Ethereum Signed Message:\n<length of message>`). The `message` MUST incorporate an Ethereum `address`,  `domain` requesting the signing, `version` of the message, a chain identifier `chain-id`, `uri` for scoping, `nonce` acceptable to the server, and `issued-at` timestamp.
```
